# Schedule Generator
A program designed to randomly generate a 5 weeks schedule for 12 teams.

[Video Demo](https://youtu.be/cb7V90NRu-Y)


## Description
This program takes an input of a txt file containing the twelve teams ranking and their corresponding name, then generates a 5 weeks end-of-season schedule for 12 teams in a league. For the first four weeks, each team will face two teams from the top 6 (1 vs 3, 1 vs 4, etc.) and two teams from the bottom 6 (1 vs 8, 1 vs 12, etc.), the matches will be generated and scheduled randomly. As for the last week, the matches will be generated by matching the consecutive ranking team(e.g 1 vs 2, 3 vs 4, 5 vs 6, etc.). It will then output the 5 weeks schedule as a pdf file.



## Design choices
The reason for installing `fpdf2` and using the `msjh.tff` as the font style is that `fpdf2` supports unicode(UTF-8) TrueType font subset embedding, and the `msjh.tff` font style supports both English and Chinese characters. On the other hand using fonts like `Arial` when outputting the schedule as pdf will lead to an encode error if the team names contains non-English characters.
Users might see warning messages in the terminal window `UserWarning: cmap value too big/small` if there are non-English characters in your team name. This is a known bug regarding the ttfonts.py and the program will still successfully output a pdf file containing a 5 week schedule without any garbled characters.


## Installation
Use [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install the package `fpdf`, `fpdf2` and `requests`
```
$ pip install fpdf
$ pip install fpdf2
$ pip install requests
```

The font file will be automatically downloaded to the same directory of your python file when you run the program.


## Usage
Enter the twelve teams name inside the `teams.txt` according to their ranking.
```
$ code teams.txt
```
Use [python](https://www.python.org/) to run the application
```
$ python schedule.py
```
Read the pdf file for the schedule generated.
```
$ code schedule.pdf
```
Use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.2.x/) to test the application
```
$ pytest test_schedule.py
```

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.
